hi to all the guys here we are
back in this brand new video myself
I just wanted to tell you something I wanted
thank you because I uploaded a little while ago
the video of clash of plan tricks that
then real tricks let's say it's not me
however found a large one
turnout in a very short time ours
was very satisfied
already two I like the unusual video e
views and then I think one
perfect thing a user had written to me
to put tricks on how to have
free itunes card
well I immediately wanted to show you this
let's say application and let's start right away
because I don't want to do the long video e
after that it will take too long to load it
however now we go on safari
here is the app here
the ep bounty puntonet app us
once i enter this app i
now I will reload the page and into the
Meanwhile I'll tell you how it works
the Aragon and banti and evaluate to
application that as you can see
the other on the right there are credits
these credits can be obtained through
by downloading applications
for example poker italia cast of the flash
lord of ring facebook like e mail e
twitter can be had through these
things here by downloading them and once done
it
you share points for the bounty
I can show you now how
it works because practically these things
here I did it, both I invited
email with twitter then downloaded
Italy and castro cast the flash and me
they gave as you see in the upper right corner
or at 827 points and now you will ask
what am I doing here and that
especially what has to do with the con
itunes card free here now there you
will really explain right away if you go
on the red words gifts we say and you will find
a series of itunes italy amazon steam
xbox live
practically here they are for example
click on itunes
we will have an itunes card of 10 and 25
euros or on amazon 1 euro 2 euros 5 10
25 50 euros
the same thing for xbox live estimates
now as you can see near dai
10 euros and a set from Italy we have 5,500
points
downloading these applications that
we have seen previously previously
we can accumulate all our points
and once you get to 5,500 points
downloading this application here one
once we have reached 5,500 points we can
buy a itunes 10 card very well
EUR
right now having 827
points having just started
I can only download 1 euro on
amazon obviously I don't do anything
I'm piling up let's say some points
waiting for new applications for
dump me
the cards and say from 10 euros
obviously to spend on how
you can imagine all for clash of
land now the game has become
famous but that I think if
you will download itunes card will be
more for that but you can do it
for some other thing and no boys
I the main method here is let's say for
download applications to download
sorry itunes card
this is the safest method
especially more illegal and not incurring
at account or other risks
application similar to the bounty ie
first IABSE which there is not
an application that you will also need to
connect with you must also connect them
with an American account a whole series
of things I don't recommend, let's say here
just connect with just insert it in
mail download the first application e
you will have done everything anyway guys
here i'm done i remind you to leave a
I like it
a like and above all write me in
comments what you would like to see
or other tricks to have nothing from
alessio rivers and everything we see ourselves at
next video hi all guys